What is, what does Israel want? Like as a state, like,
what do they want from the Palestinians? What do they expect?
They expect to just keep the status quo, keep business going as usual,
never let those people live a normal life. Like what,
what do they want and why do they have so much hate? And why,
why haven't the Israeli people like seen the horrors of this and rebel?
Well, to be a leftist in Israel, it's, it's difficult.
And to be an anti-zeionist, it's even more difficult.
Cause you're rejecting your entire like identity, your.
Religion as well as your political.
Identity. But look, it's a settler colonial state, just like, um,
a lot of other, uh, things in, in the past,
but this is different because it's ongoing and ever since the inception of
Israel to today of colonizers who colonized that land always knew that there was
an indigenous Arab population that they wanted to kill or expel. Um,
and that's still the goal like from Ben Garion himself, the, the original,
you know, prime minister of Israel. I mean, he said, there's so many Arabs here.
We need to expel them and take the, their places.
So it was never a land without a people and a people without a land.
It was always overrun with Arabs and they've always just wanted to expel the
indigenous population so they can have an ethnosupremacist state.
And that's really what it, what it is. And that's so.
Can you be, I'm sorry to interrupt you. Yeah.
But can you be a Muslim and live in Israel?
Can you be a Muslim and live in Jerusalem? Yeah.
But you, but there's so many discriminatory laws that are,
that basically it's an apartheid state for non-Jews.
Like, in what way? Like what are the laws that.
Um, I mean, there, there's so many things that, that people can check out, but,
um,
I would really recommend the work of Mico Plet and Ronnie barkkin there two anti
Zionist, Israeli born Jews who, who have extensively talked about this.
Um, but I mean, just, just in the roads,
like there's settler only roads compared to palestlo only yeah.
Compared to Palestinian roads, people have different license plates,
you have different ID cards. Um, so if you are a person segregated schools,
like just all.
That stuff. So you can't go to a regular school.
No, you can. But,
but it's so segregated in hostile and you're so indoctrinated from an early age
to basically hate these people and think of them as the other. And,
and I encourage everyone to check out interviews that I did with,
with just average Israelis, um,
in the streets because the genocital rhetoric is very apparent and it's very
open and these people is people a good one that' to play right now. Sure. Yeah.
Check out. Abby Martin, uh, Israelis, candid, candid.
Interview with the Jewish.
Did you have one opinion of that situation before you went there and then a
different one after you came back?
Well, I didn't even know what Palestine was until I was 18 years old.
So when people say, oh, you're only telling us one side of the story, look,
I didn't know the Palestine side of the story until I was an adult,
which really should say something about our education system and our media,
when you,
who completely obscate an entire reality and are only told one side.
Um, but before I went there, I, I, I, you know, I had a,
a conception of what it was, but once you go,
you really see how much worse it is.
So does this Israeli party approvesexation plan? Oh, sorry. I lost it. Um.
Is this the, uh, yeah. Yeah. So go.
To coerce. Palestinian departure.
Yeah. Go, go forward. Like a, a minute or two
go forward, like two minutes. Yeah. These.
People.
After this, keep going, keep going.
And what do you ask? Okay. This is good too.
Okay. So, so yeah, start playing here. Um, so I, this is the thing,
and also the stand with us, people in the Israeli lobby basically said, oh,
you cherry picked these interviews.
You only picked like genocitle people to talk to.
What the hell are you talking about? I was in Jerusalem.
It was a place called tolerant square. It was a bustling shopping area.
I spoke to people from all back grounds, all walks of life.
And I just ask them very simple questions. What is it like to live here?
How do you deal with the, you know, problems? Um,
and basically they just were very, very readily,
like comfortable to tell me very crazy genocital things on camera.
Like no thinking that that would actually look good for an American audience.
So keep that in mind and let's check this out.
A lot of people are sympathizing with the Palestinian plight. Um,
can you talk about what it's like to kind of live in this situation?
Uh, first of all, it's very hard.
I also am an organization it's called lahava
it's against the Jewish and the Mary Arabs.
Did you say the organization was, did what again?
We, their, their organization is the,
the thing of it is to that Jews. Shouldn't marry Arabs.
Shouldn't marry Arabs. Why do you feel strongly about that?
Because Jews is a special nation that God gave it to the Jews and
we don't want Jews to get mixed up together with.
I think Israelis have to take over and, uh,
they have to kick them, uh, kick them away. It'll be much better,
not, not to kill them just to, to go back to,
to our countries as if they didn't live there'.
With these people. There's no need to try. There's no need to talk to them.
What we can do is when that they, they do enough harm, we retaliate that's war.
And that's the situation that any J lives in Israel has to deal with.
How much likeunk.
Okay. The Arab name and memory being.
Obliterated. It's about to get really crazy.
Terroris please be afraid to cause us any more trouble. And I will be fine.
They'll be in their villages and will be here.
We don't have to live together and everything will be just fine. Um.
Every Arab that doing a terrorism attack, uh, we are, have to kill him.
And not because he's a Arab because he's a terrorist. I think he should, uh,
also kick out the family because it all begins with the, you know how you.
Say he's wearing the sons of anarchy. T-shirt by the way,
which is just what are so strange kids, the kids, the kids.
Does, you know, it's families.
I miss this. We need to.
How do you say kick out the Arabs?
Come.
On, tell me the words. I don't know. She's like, I don't can't.
Translate. 't wanna see I Don' out to TLE.
Really well. I, I think we should give them a country.
If youre doing any problem,
you just going there to give them a country and then it's gonna be a war between
countries. You know,
if they're gonna throw a rocket were gonna throw one big one and done.
I don't think there's any answer. This is insane. Really.
There's only one way to like, I would carpet bomb them.
You would carpet bomb them. It's the only,
it's the only way you could deal with them, like, or,
or try to stop them a different way. It, it never worked. You mean.
All Arabs are Gaza or.
I, I believe that they like,
I hope to believe they they're not, but I do think they are. Cause
I never, I don't, I don't trust them one more crazy one coming up.
And that's the only way I believe that the only,
the only way is just to stop it completely.
I think that, uh,
we miserable that the Arab is
make and we need to kill.
Terroris attack, need to Arabs. She's laughing. Okay.
<Laugh> friend's like, uh, alright, have a good.
Day. We'll talk about this later.
I mean, look, this is reflected in polls. Um, a lot of people, uh,
when you look at Israeli society, you know,
it started off as kind of a socialist project with the kabutsis and now it's
just turned into a fascist, uh,
supremacist state where netany Yahu reflects the true face of Israel,
just like Trump rep reflects the true face of, of this country.
And when it's getting too toxic for even Natalie Portman, to be a, you know,
this ambassador to Israel, you know that the tight is turning,
but unfortunately there's so much going on. Congress hasn't said anything.
They just totally support this man. And there's weird, like BDS legislation,
trying to criminalize,
basically dissent where you have contractors in Texas having to sign clauses
promised that they won't support boycot of Israel to,
in order to rebuild hurricane homes, what does BDS boycot divest and sanctions?
It's the movement that Palestinians have asked us to help them to, you know,
boycot and, and that's what Stephen hawing was all about. He, he, he boycotted,
um, scientific conferences in Tel Aviv. So this is what we gotta do.
And we have to fight our government to stop endorsing these massacres and
atrocities.
Well,
obviously this attitude that these people have it's coming from a place and they
were talking aboutterrorist attacks like how manyterrorist attacks are actually
happening in Jerusalem or in, in Israel. Oh.
You look at, if you look at the breakdown, ofterrorist attacks,
how many are against soldiers? And that really gives you an insight. Look,
these people are being occupied, militarily.
The occupation's illegal under international law. Um,
and resistance is, uh,
a lot of times acceptable under international law when you're being illegally
occupied. So.
If you look at, so there are terrorist attacks against Israel.
There look not, not many. Um,
and when you look at the actual amount of people who,
when you look at those terrorist attacks and see how many are against S like how
many stabbing attacks are against soldiers, uh,
the numbers become very different.
Don't you think it's, uh,
it's a bit different in Israel and they're more unified because of the fact that
mandatory military service exists. Totally, totally. So everyone is, if,
if soldiers are attacked, citizens are attacked. They're all the same thing.
Everyone is a soldier in Israel. Uh.
Essentially, well, no,
a lot of these are like all aren't armed soldiers that are right.
Saying everyone identifies thatity because they have to do military time.
Totally. Yep, yep, yep. Yep. That's the same thing with South Korea,
places that have mandatory military service,
they have a totally different idea and concept of nationalism. So they think,
yeah, like if, if a military base got attacked in the United States,
we would think, soldiers got attacked.
We wouldn't necessarily think of it the same way as if say Dallas got attacked.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> someone, a terrorist attack happened in Dallas.
We would think of it as an attack on American citizens, not just military,
but their military is their citizens.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> because mandatory military service.
Yeah. And what's really weird is during the last massacre in Gaza in 2014,
like half of the Israeli soldiers that died were American because that's what
colonial, that's what the colonial settlers are. They,
they go over there from New Jersey and they just post up and top of an Arab
village. And this is what's happening. I mean, it's that half.
Of the soldiers that died were American soldiers.
I, a lot of them were, I'm not actually sure about this decision,
but I remember a lot where I was like,
why are so many Americans going over there, 17 year olds and joining the IDF?
I mean, how bizarre is that?
What kind of mentality do you have to have to move from like a comfortable
suburb, Philadelphia to go like move on top of Anera village and, and ask.
These people. Is it Jewish people that are doing this? Yes. No.
That want to go back to the motherland. Yeah. There's a huge,
there's always just a desire to go to the motherland.
Like it's such a tribal thing. It go to the purest form of the, the conflict,
right? Like that's touch that's the whaling wall and yeah. I mean,
that's the spot, right? Mm-hmm <affirmative>, mm-hmm, <affirmative>,
it's the epicenter of conflict too. That's.
Why it's so sad that so many Palestinians can't ever go to Jerusalem, which is,
uh, one of theirholiest sites is there and their Bann because,
and they're banned from everything. So.
So if you're a Palestinian and you live in Gaza, you're just, you're just stuck.
You're.
Stuck forever. And that's why these people are like people from America.
They're like, why? You know, that's why you have this mantra. Like, oh,
they wanna die. They raise their kids to be suicide bombers. No,
when you're in Gaza, you are born dead. You don't have a life.
So that's why of these people are giving up their lives to send a message to us.
That's why they're doing this.
That's the only reason they're doing this is to send a message to us, help us.
That's all they can do is use their bodies.
So their concern is if they open up Gaza,
the idea is that if the Palestinians come and they live in Israel with everybody
else that they're just gonna cross trouble and kill people and create suicide
bombs. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and that's, that's what, that's.
The idea. That's what they say. Even though when I, and, and,
and the Israeli lobby and the stand with us and all these people have said,
you know, you're, you're portraying us as,
as really different than we really are.
Cuz they like to portray themselves as this peaceful, loving democratic nation.
And they were like, Palestinians will say the same thing about us. Not true.
I was driving around in subtler plates,
in a car that looked like I was a colonial settler.
I did not hear one person say anything remotely genocidal about Jewish people
to you look like.
You could be Jewish easy. Yeah. You.
Could fit right in. Yeah. Fit right in, just move on top of an Arab village.
<laugh> <laugh> I mean it's nuts.
And thank you for letting me talk about this because it is difficult to talk
about it and I'm sure it wasn't easy to get, you know, hundreds of,
of emails telling you to denounce me and all that other stuff. Well, we we've.
Been friends for a long time. Yeah. I know you not denouncing. <laugh>.